SEO: canonical docs links in guides (42DM audit) (#218)
metalbear-co/docs: guides/how-to-debug-sqs-consumers.md

### Approach 2: Queue Splitting for non-disruptive debugging

> Queue splitting is a powerful feature in mirrord that allows both your local application and the remote application to receive the same messages. This is particularly useful when you want to debug without disrupting the existing remote consumers. For detailed documentation on queue splitting, visit https://metalbear.com/mirrord/docs/sharing-the-cluster/queue-splitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queue splitting is a powerful feature in mirrord that allows both your local application and the remote application to receive the same messages. This is particularly useful when you want to debug without disrupting the existing remote consumers. For detailed documentation on queue splitting, [head here](https://metalbear.com/mirrord/docs/sharing-the-cluster/queue-splitting).
```
